Project Overview: AdminPro Dashboard
AdminPro is a full-stack administrative management system designed to manage users and employees efficiently. It features a modern, responsive UI and a robust backend with role-based access control.

🚀 Tech Stack
Frontend: React.js, Redux Toolkit (State Management), React Router, Axios, Framer Motion (Animations).
Backend: Node.js, Express.js.
Database: MySQL (using Sequelize ORM).
Authentication: JSON Web Tokens (JWT), Bcrypt.js (Password Hashing).
Email Service: Brevo API (Transactional Emails for password recovery).
File Storage: Local filesystem (/uploads directory for employee photos).
🏗️ Project Architecture
1. Backend (backend_project)
Models: Defines table structures for 
Users
 and Employees.
Controllers: Contains the business logic for authentication and CRUD operations.
Routes: Maps API endpoints to controller functions.
Middleware: Handles JWT verification, file uploads (Multer), and error handling.
2. Frontend (frontend_project)
Pages: UI views for Dashboard, Login, Register, etc.
Redux Slices: Manages global state for authentication and employee data.
Components: Reusable UI elements (Sidebar, Navbar, Tables, Forms).
🛠️ Step-by-Step Functionality
Step 1: User Registration & Authentication
Registration: New admins or users can sign up. You can choose roles like Admin, Editor, or user.
Login: Secure login using email and password. Upon success, a JWT token is stored to keep you logged in.
Protected Access: Only authenticated users can access the dashboard.
Step 2: Dashboard Insights
Once logged in, the Admin Dashboard provides a high-level summary:

Stats Cards: Displays total counts of Employees, Admins, and Users.
Data Tables: Paginated lists of users and employees with search and sort functionality.
Step 3: User Management (RBAC)
Administrators can manage the accounts of other team members:

Search/Filter: Find users by name, email, or role.
Edit: Update user details or change their administrative permissions.
Delete: Remove user accounts (safety check: you cannot delete your own account).
Step 4: Employee Management (CRUD)
The core feature for HR/Management:

Add Employee: Create new profiles with details like department, salary, and status.
Photo Uploads: Upload profile pictures for employees, which are stored securely on the server.
Status Tracking: Track if an employee is Active or Inactive.
Pagination: Manage large lists of employees with smooth page transitions.
Step 5: Password Recovery
Forgot Password: Users can request a reset link.
Email Integration: The system sends a professional email via Brevo with a unique, time-limited reset link.
Reset Logic: Securely update passwords after verification.
🏃 How to Run the Project
1. Start the Backend
bash
cd backend_project
npm install
# Ensure your .env is configured with MySQL credentials
npm start
2. Start the Frontend
bash
cd frontend_project
npm install
npm run dev
The application will be available at http://localhost:5173.


Comment
Ctrl+Alt+M



Role	Permissions
SuperAdmin	Full Access: Manage Users (CRUD), Manage Employees (CRUD), View Stats.
Admin	Manage Employees (CRUD), View Users, View Stats. Cannot delete other Admins/SuperAdmins.
Editor	Can View Employees and Update Employee details. Cannot delete or add new ones.
User	View-only access to Employee list and personal Dashboard Stats.